[Music]
9 etiquette rules we're constantly
breaking why would a modern person need
to be aware of etiquette rules our lives
are fast and we eat on the go stay in
our PJs all day and drink tea and coffee
from paper cups but sometimes it's
advantageous to slow down
dine at a fancy restaurant and make a
good impression being polite and looking
good never go out of fashion
here are some basic etiquette rules to
help you look stylish and charming
number 9
greetings a proper greeting is vital
first impressions are based on this
which is why it's good to be equipped
with a couple of rules you should shake
someone's hand quickly without holding
it for too long or pulling it toward you
don't use a crushing grip but be firm
you have to respect your companions
personal space having someone on the
shoulder even if you know the person
well is considered to be tacky when
greeting a woman a man can bow slightly
number 8 communication punctuality is a
must you should arrive at meetings on
time or slightly early if you are gonna
be late call ahead and apologize if you
find it hard to be punctual learn some
tricks to avoid being late for example
prepare everything you'll need to take
with you in advance and put these items
in a specific place try to predict any
delays that might happen traffic
problems with trains are forgotten
umbrella compliment people more often
your companion will be pleased and you
can demonstrate your powers of
observation your ability to see details
and your sincere interest in them number
7 men and women the rules of common
courtesies say that there should always
be a mediator present when two people
meet for the first time for example a
common friend can be asked to introduce
people to each other a man should never
hold a woman's purse even if he wants to
help
what is more a man can only take a
woman's coat if he is giving it to a
cloakroom attendant number six clothes
the right clothes can boost your
confidence and make a good impression on
others but this doesn't mean you have to
buy expensive clothing for a man it's
very important to always have perfectly
clean shoes and a well-fitting jacket
don't buy clothes with imperfect
shoulders shoulder seams shouldn't go
beyond your shoulders all parts of a
suit should be the same style and in the
correct size you should also consider
the fit of a suit thinner men should opt
for slim fitted suits while men with an
average or full build should choose a
classic fit a jacket sleeve should cover
your wrist but it shouldn't cover the
lower joint of your thumb ideally it
should end half an inch above the shirt
cuff pay attention to the suit venting
there are three types Center vented
double vented and ventless if you have
an athletic build you can go for a
ventless suit otherwise the two other
styles will fit you better according to
the rules of etiquette the lower button
of a jacket should be unbuttoned if you
want to emphasize your figure
choose a slim fit jacket if you want to
look more impressive choose a
double-breasted jacket it's just as
important for women to find suitable
clothes as a rule women are advised to
choose a dark skirt or pants and a light
top jacket blouse this combination
emphasizes their figure and looks
elegant and modest modesty is also
important when choosing jewelry too much
jewelry and varying styles demonstrates
poor taste choose jewelry according to
the occasion
dainty accessories are best for the
office when you plan a night out you can
wear snazzy air combinations number five
at the table wait until the host invites
you to the table don't sit down at the
table without an invitation because
there may be a seat assigned to you wait
near your chair until all the other
guests have gathered at the table sit
down only after the host has done so if
you are invited to a table where there
are people you don't know don't talk to
them before you are introduced to each
other it's not polite pay attention to
your hands and don't put them on the
table it's better to keep them in your
lap
putting your phone on the table means
that you're not interested in
conversation number four that is sit
correctly good posture and leg position
while sitting are crucial if you sit in
a low armchair don't put one leg over
the other keep your knees close to each
other and your legs parallel you can
also use a royal trick called the cam
bridge cross put one foot behind the
other crossing your ankles it may help
you to feel like royalty men should sit
with their legs crossed another option
is to have both feet on the floor
keeping both legs straight additionally
both men and women should sit with a
straight back with their buttocks
touching the back of their seat and the
shoulders slightly back their weight
should be distributed across both hips
number three at a restaurant before
going to a restaurant if you say to your
companion I invite you this means that
you should pay let's go to a restaurant
together means that you only pay for
yourself if you go to a restaurant with
a group of people wait until everyone
has taken their seats only then should
you start eating there are so many
different types of cutlery and it can
get confusing however you don't have to
know all of them typically you should
start your meal with the utensils
furthest from your plate after that move
toward the center another important
detail is how you position your
silverware during the meal if you take a
break from eating your knife and fork
should be placed in the center of your
plate so that their tips create a
slightly angled inverted V when you want
to show your waiter that you have
finished your meal put your knife and
fork parallel to each other with their
tips at the ten o'clock position and
their handles at the four o'clock
position if you want to show that you're
waiting for the next course you can
place your knife and fork perpendicular
to each other the fork should be
vertical and the knife should lie
horizontally the fork should cover the
knife and have its tines up if you want
to show that you liked your food a lot
put your knife and your fork parallel to
each other with their handles in the
nine o'clock position and their tips in
the three o'clock position if the meal
wasn't to your liking position your
knives blades between your Forks tines
this construction should look like a V
number two pouring and drinking for
women it's important to make sure that
your lipstick doesn't leave a mark on
your glass
draw your lips with a tissue before
drinking every person at the table
should pour their own drink a man should
offer drinks to a woman first don't pour
too much and definitely don't overfill
wine glasses so as not to spill your
drink
number one the most important rules for
drinking tea according to the rules of
etiquette in order to get to know a
person better and have a pleasant
conversation people should invite each
other to have a cup of tea it can be
considered rude to refuse the offer just
remember a few rules stir your tea
carefully without making sounds with the
tea spoon you shouldn't leave your spoon
in the cup rest it on the edge of your
saucer you should also never leave the
spoon on top of the saucer a tea cup is
held with one hand and a saucer is held
with the other it's impolite to hold the
cup with two hands and leave the saucer
on the table never add milk before the
tea has been poured put sugar in your
cup after you have added milk are you
familiar with these rules of etiquette
do you think it's important to know them
nowadays tell us in the comments below
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
you